<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd" [
    <!ENTITY km		"K-Meleon">
    <!ENTITY mail	"kmeleon-dev@lists.sourceforge.net">
    <!ENTITY home	"http://kmeleon.sourceforge.net/">
    <!ENTITY faq	"&home;docs/faq.php">

    <!ENTITY kmYear	"2007">
    <!ENTITY notes	"&home;wiki/index.php?id=ReleaseNotes10">

    <!ENTITY contrib	"Contributors">
    <!ENTITY copyright	"Copyright &copy;">
    <!ENTITY allrights	"All Rights Reserved.">
]>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" class="km_PageBackground"><head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Script-Type" content="text/javascript" />
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
    <title>About &km;</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="chrome://global/skin/netError.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
    <style type="text/css">
	#head > a	 { text-decoration: none; font-size: 110%; }
	h2,
	#main p#useragent,
	ul.credits	 { text-align: center; }
	ul.credits	 { margin: 0; list-style-type: none; }
	ul.credits > li	 { margin: 0 0 3em; }
	p#useragent,
	p#government	 { font-size: 83.3%; }
	p#useragent	 { margin: 1.2em; }
	#main 		 { font-size: 120%; }
	#main p		 { text-align: justify; }
	#main hr	 { margin: 1em 0; }

	@media screen {
	#dummy1		 { height: 9.5em; }
	#dummy2		 { height: 11em; }
	#creditsScrollBox{ height: 11em; min-height: 11em; overflow: hidden; }
	}

	@media print {
	ul.credits	 { margin: 1em 0; -moz-margin-start: 1.5em; list-style-type: square; text-align: left; }
	ul.credits > li	 { margin: 0 0 0.5em; }
	#dummy1,
	#dummy2		 { display: none; }
	#creditsScrollBox{ overflow: visible; }
	#main	 	 { position: relative; }
	}
    </style>
    <script type="text/javascript"><![CDATA[
	function init() {
	    initCredits();
	    initUserAgent();
	}

	// user agent
	function initUserAgent() {
	    try {
		document.getElementById("useragent").appendChild(document.createTextNode(navigator.userAgent));
		document.getElementById("mozYear").firstChild.appendData("-"+navigator.productSub.substr(0,4));
		document.getElementById("kmName").firstChild.appendData(" "+navigator.vendorSub);
	    } catch (e) {}
	}

	// credits
	var timer = 0, box;
	function initCredits() {
	    box = document.getElementById("creditsScrollBox");
	    box.scrollTop = 0;
	    setTimeout("startCredits()", 2000);
	}
	function startCredits() {
	    timer = setInterval("scrollCredits()", 25);
	}
	function scrollCredits() {
	    var tmp = ++box.scrollTop;
	    if (box.scrollTop != tmp) {
		// we're at the bottom
		clearInterval(timer);
		initCredits();
	    }
	}
    ]]></script>
</head><body dir="ltr" class="km_PageBackground km_Text" onload="init()">

<fieldset dir="rtl" class="km_TextBackground km_TextBorder km_PageContainer">
    <legend id="head" class="km_TextBackground km_TextBorder">&nbsp;<a href="&home;">Homepage</a>&nbsp;&middot; <a href="&notes;">Release&nbsp;Notes</a>&nbsp;&middot; <a href="&faq;">FAQ</a>&nbsp;</legend>
    <div dir="ltr" class="km_Logo">
	<div id="creditsBox" class="km_Border km_SpecialBorder km_LogoWidth km_LogoHeight">
	    <h1 id="kmName">&km;</h1>
	    <p class="km_Border">Thanks to all &km; &contrib;, especially:</p>
	    <div id="creditsScrollBox">
		<div id="dummy1"></div>
		<ul class="credits">
			<!-- 1.0, 1.1 -->
			<li>Dorian Boissonnade</li>
			<li>Klaus Kohler</li>
			<!-- 0.9 -->
			<li>Ulf Erikson</li>
			<li>Romain Vallet</li>
			<li>Jason J.</li>
			<li>Andrew Mutch</li>
			<!-- 0.8 -->
			<li>Vernon Brooks</li>
			<li>Jordan Callicoat</li>
			<!-- 0.7 -->
			<li>Jeff Doozan</li>
			<li>Mark Liffiton</li>
			<li>Rob Johnson</li>
			<!-- ? past 0.7 ? -->
			<li>Chak Nanga</li>
			<!-- 0.1 - 0.6 -->
			<li>Brian Harris</li>
			<li>Sebastian Spaeth</li>
			<li>Christophe Thibault</li>
		</ul>
		<div id="dummy2"></div>
	    </div>
	</div>
    </div>
    <div id="main" dir="ltr">
<!-- Begin Main Content -->

<p id="useragent"></p>

<hr class="km_Color km_Border"/>

<ul><li>&copyright; 2000-&kmYear; by &contrib; to the <a href="&home;">&km;</a> project under the <a href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/licenses.html#TOCGPL">GNU General Public License</a>. &allrights;</li>
    <!-- Extensions -->
    <li><a href="http://forums.mozillazine.org/viewtopic.php?t=318102">Console&sup2;</a> extension developed by Simon B&uuml;nzli. &allrights;</li>
    <li><a href="http://flashblock.mozdev.org/">Flashblock</a> extension developed by Ted Mielczarek and <a href="http://flashblock.mozdev.org/credits.html">&contrib;</a>. &allrights;</li>
    <li><a href="http://newsfox.mozdev.org/">NewsFox</a> RSS/Atom news reader developed by Andy Frank and Andrey Gromyko. &allrights;</li>
    <!-- Mozilla -->
    <li>Portions of this software are &copyright; <span id="mozYear">1998</span> by <a href="http://www.mozilla.org/credits/">&contrib;</a> to the <a href="http://www.mozilla.org/">Mozilla</a> codebase under the <a href="http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/MPL-1.1.html">Mozilla Public License</a> and <a href="http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/NPL-1.1.html">Netscape Public License</a>. &allrights;</li>
    <li>Portions of this software are &copyright; 1994 The Regents of the University of California. &allrights;</li>
    <li>Portions of this software are &copyright; 2000-2002 Japan Network Information Center. &allrights;</li>
    <li>This software may contain portions that are &copyright; 1998-2002 <a href="http://www.supportsoft.com/">SupportSoft</a>, Inc. &allrights;</li>
</ul>

<p id="government">U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS. The Software is a "commercial item," as that term is defined 
in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software 
documentation," as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 
C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. Government End Users acquire the Software with only 
those rights set forth herein.</p>

<hr class="km_Color km_Border"/>

<h2>Our &contrib;</h2>

<p>We would like to thank our &contrib; whose efforts make &km; possible. These people have helped by 
writing code and documentation, and by testing. They have created and maintained the browser, its associated 
development kits, our build tools and our web site.</p>

<p>To be added to the list, send mail to <a 
href="mailto:&mail;?subject=&km; Credits">&mail;</a> with your name and a sentence summarizing what you 
have contributed to &km;.</p>

<!-- End Main Content -->
    </div>
</fieldset>

</body></html>